come on server orion roleplay experienced
administration many fractions and its
ghetto ip system in the description and again
Hello my little lovers 4 cm
acai mock I saw the theme of the cheat master
I saw on the channel about the code a new script
who most likely did he will write
I the fact that the author he in general the this mod
gives you do so that is it cool
file that while driving your camera will not
turn that is what you are
level and fixed on there she and
Well, in general, I’ll show you how
it will look in the game immediately say
that samsung doesn't need what else activation
automatic for it will not ban
Well, for this admins essentially will not bath
because it is not
how to say has no advantage over
other players but in general you are now
see it yourself so now we come down
somewhere down by-by-by-by
somewhere here and create yourself an elegy
by the way 402 idea
by the way yes fucking 402 egy or hy
what lunch 562 exactly guys were wrong and
Well, by the way, I have long wanted myself
see yes cameras don't turn around i
I have long wanted essentially to script
because i saw some people i don't
I know what it's called, but before that
called drift camera did everything
be quiet before it was called vulture camera
that is, she let me fix the camera
let's say I don't fix it anywhere
I can not explain to you look in google
what is that what is this camera
drift camera and
you can understand and suppose you want to
and you drive to want to hang the bus
Do not look at the type of solid for 1 bitch
flips or you shoot machinima
so who removes something involved in the car
my samba
who shoots a clip akim wiki there
he will understand me for what it is
need let's say now show more often
away let's say we remove the entire chat
let's say we need to take off there
any races yes you can at all
no problem do it become him here
so it is very convenient to ride the camera
nowhere frayed and yes that's it
Why convenient driving style but I know that
noticed the camera shakes a little
seriously for the camera did not work
shakes a little maybe it's me
I can have something in a Sampo rubles
something wrong i don't know guys myself
check download from write to
comments on this well and do was layout
it was a top codex script which
called their aikol camera well and everyone
until